FitBud: Make new buds while getting in your workout!

FitBud is an app that makes it easy to find users interested in your favorite outdoor activity. It is a Ruby on Rails project completed as the first project part of Web Development Immersive course at General Assembly. This app was developed in a 4 day sprint using the agile software development process.

Technologies Used

Ruby 2.1.2
Ruby on Rails 4.1.1
PostgreSQL Database
User authentication & authorization from Devise gem
Profile picture functionality from Paperclip gem
Testing using rspec-rails, capybara, shoulda-matchers and factory_girl_rails
CSS styling using SASS
Navigation and panel divs from Zurb Foundation

User Stories Completed

A user should land on the index page(activities index) once logged in.
A user should be able to select their favorite activity and be re-directed to other users who chose the same activity.
A user can select a profile picture
A user can edit profile information
A user can select more than one activity
A user can message other users once signed in.
A user not signed in can't view other profiles or message others.
A user can delete messages from inbox.
A user can see the count of how many messages they have sent or recieved.
A user can view their own profile through the navigation bar.
A user can email the site creator if they would like to request more activities to be added.

Future Goals:

Add location (Geocoder or Google Maps API)
Add the ability to match the users based on their common interests.
Use a Foundation template to fix sticky footer and make site more responsive.


== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
